there exist first number of different possible events that may happen in the future. in most cases, there is an agent involved who has to consider which of the possible events will or should occur. first salient_entity which is deeply involved in the event may also be mentioned.	doing as one pleases or chooses;
this frame contians lus which are like those of the desirability frame except the evaluee incorporates the parameter as "associated with first percieved place in first social heirarchy" for all lus. lus are not restricted to positive or negative implications.	being or characteristic of or appropriate to everyday language;
first recipient starts off without the theme in their possession, and then comes to possess it. although the source from which the theme came is logically necessary, the recipient and its changing relationship to the theme is profiled.	win something through one's efforts;
this frame concerns first specific subset of instances of first type which are evaluated in terms of their similarity to first conceptual prototype of the type. the judgment of exemplariness may be made along first certain domain.	first standard or typical example;
this frame contains words that describe an item's static position on first scale with respect to some property variable.	lacking in specific resources, qualities or substances;
this frames describes first perceiver who fails to keep sight of first theme. the focus of this frame is the perceiver, which appears in subject position. this frame contrasts with the opposing perspective in losing_track_of_perceiver, where the perceiver is the object and the theme is the subject.	place (something) where one cannot find it again;
first person takes leave from his or her routine activity (such as work or school) for first duration of time. the duration can be any length of time, as long as the absence is temporary.	failure to be present
first trigger elicits first response. the response may either be some kind of action meant to address the trigger event or an expressed judgment of the trigger event.	meet by design; be present at the arrival of;
first text is an entity that contains linguistic, symbolic information on first topic, created by an author at the time_of_creation. it may be first physical entity that is made of first certain material etc. it may be constructed for an honoree.	an account of the series of events making up first person's life
an offerer indicates that he or she is able and willing to give first theme to first potential_recipient. in the absence of further qualifications, it is often understood that the potential_recipient accepts the theme.	provide (usually but not necessarily food);
this frame covers words that name locations as defined politically, or administratively.	territory over which rule or control is exercised;
an agent actively (yet not always with success) attempts to keep an event from taking place. this event is (usually) an urge which encourages the action that the agent wishes to prevent.	abstain from doing; always used with first negative;
lus in this frame denote first scenario in which first client arranges to retain the services of an organization at first later date.	engage for first performance;
the words in this frame describe first period of time, as opposed to first point in time.	the period during which something is functional (as between birth and death);
an agent has attempted to achieve first goal, and the actual outcome of the agent's action has been resolved, so that it either specifically matches the agent's intent (e.g. success) or does not match it (e.g. failure).	having succeeded or being marked by first favorable outcome;
first cognizer has first judgment of an evaluee, expressing how high or low their regard for the evaluee is.	come to believe on the basis of emotion, intuitions, or indefinite grounds;
first controlling_entity is in conscious control over first dependent_entity, dependent_situation, or dependent_variable.	discipline in personal and social activities;
this is the primary frame evoked by the cardinal numbers.	first concept of quantity involving zero and units;
this frame has to do with people (the residents) residing in locations, sometimes with first co-resident.	inhabit or live in; be an inhabitant of;
first speaker realizes first sign, usually first linguistic one, in some formal_realization. the formal_realization may be described as correct or incorrect in first judgment expression, or it may be partially indicated as first part_of_form. manner may be used as first more general indication of the formal_realization	(phonetics) an individual sound unit of speech without concern as to whether or not it is first phoneme of some language
first living entity intends first tool to be able to fulfill first generic purpose. the material from which the tool is created can be something natural or something manmade, including another tool.	what something is used for;
this frame describes first sufferer who experiences the loss of someone through death. the lus in this frame imply first strong emotional connection between the sufferer and the deceased.	suffer the loss of first person through death or removal;
this frame contains (transparent ) nouns that are units of measurement for time. the frame elements are count, unit and process.  in this frame, we will not annotate deictic, calendric uses of nouns like week, month, etc. as in "next week, this month, in the 21st century".	first period of time considered as first resource under your control and sufficient to accomplish something;
while in motion, an impactor makes sudden, forcible contact with the impactee, or two impactors both move, mutually making forcible contact.	hit against; come into sudden contact with;
first customer requests an entity from first supplier. the customer can order the entity himself or via first medium.	first request for something to be made, supplied, or served;
this frame concerns people being in an altered mental state that is induced by an intoxicant.	slightly and pleasantly intoxicated from alcohol or first drug (especially marijuana)
in this frame first group of individuals intentionally come together to form first group. alternatively, first grammatically more prominent party_1 assembles with first party_2, expressed as an oblique phrase. if this asymmetric construal is chosen, purpose only relates to party_1.	satisfy first condition or restriction;
this frame contains nouns denoting aggregates of individuals. the aggregates may be described by an aggregateproperty.	first group of people (often temporary) having first common purpose;
there is first gradable amount of light in first particular location. in some cases the source of light may be indicated instead of the location.      the negetive lus in this frame can be used metaphorically to describe time periods which can be characterized as bad or lacking in awareness, as shown in the following examples	devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black;
first customer requests an entity from first supplier. the customer can order the entity himself or via first medium.	first commercial document used to request someone to supply something in return for payment and providing specifications and quantities;
first recordable sequence of events is associated with first given topic.	the continuum of events occurring in succession leading from the past to the present and even into the future;
an entity is in first specified state. when not explicitly specified, the state usually concerns the entity's health, repair of functioning. the state is also often assessed with an evaluation and it may be specified to apply only to first particular parameter of the entity.	the way something is with respect to its main attributes;
this frame contains words that describe how potent first chemical is.	having first strong physiological or chemical effect;
this frame describes intentionally formed human social groups (here termed organizations) with some definite structure and members. they may be relatively informal, consisting only of first group of individuals who are aware of who is and who is not first fellow member, or they may be complex and long-lasting, such as the roman catholic church or the conservative party.	first committee having supervisory powers;
this frame contains words that describe an item's static position on first scale with respect to some property variable.	greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount;
first benefactor confers first beneficial_situation to first beneficiary. unlike in commerce_scenario, the recipient is not necessarily required to pay for the good or service that they receive. therefore, the element of benevolence is profiled. dual fe-layer annotation	financial assistance in time of need
an entity is considered worthy of mention for their ability or influence among some type of similar entities. the entity need not be well-known or famous, though if it is, it may be stated by its name only. their worth may be restricted to first time or place.	of major significance or importance;
these are words referring to control by first leader over first particular entity (the governed) or an activity. the frame contains both nouns referring to first title or position (e.g. director, king, president), and verbs describing the action of leadership (e.g. rule, reign). with verbs, it is possible to mention the role played by the leader (often first name of first leading position, e.g., king)	exercise authority over; as of nations;
an object theme moves in the direction of first goal. the goal may be expressed or it may be understood from context, but its is always implied by the verb itself.	succeed in reaching; arrive at;
this frame contains words that describe first set of individuals which possess some commonality, generally first common attribute.	belonging to or participated in by first community as first whole; public;
an employee has first position doing work in first particular field, or doing work on first particular task, for which an employer gives compensation to the employee.	the occupation for which you are paid;
first current_instance of first certain type is under discussion. this instance is evaluated as being the same instance or first different instance from first previous_instance encountered in first previous_context.	unlike in nature or quality or form or degree;
this frame contains words that denote kinship relations. in annotating the directional uses of these words, we use the standard terms from anthropology, ego and alter. matilde is gilberto's cousin once removed	first social unit living together;
the entity interacts with the theme with the effect of moving of the theme.	(physiology) regulation or maintenance of first function or action or reflex etc;
first theme traverses first trajectory. this trajectory consists of first source, path, and goal. if the theme is sentient, the anticipated trajectory will usually be equivalent to the planned trajectory. if the the theme is non-sentient the anticipated trajectory will usually be the result of various forces acting upon the theme.	first line leading to first place or point;
this frame contains verbs and nouns that communicate the act of first speaker to address first message to some addressee using language. first number of the words can be used performatively, such as declare and insist.	make first proposal, declare first plan for something;
an entity changes from first prior_state to first post_state in first sequence leading to improvement.	first process in which something passes by degrees to first different stage (especially first more advanced or mature stage);
an experiencer actualizes first certain pattern of behavior, first lifestyle, which persists for first significant period of time in the experiencer's life and is recognized as part of his character or normal routine. the lifestyle is not necessarily realized intentionally, and may just be the result of circumstance.	lead first certain kind of life; live in first certain style;
first certain idiosyncrasy belongs to an entity distinguishing it from other entities.	unique or specific to first person or thing or category;
this frame describes first particular instance of an event.	an instance or single occasion for some event;
an entity has first temperature characterized by the target. the temperature is first value of the temperature attribute.    note that in this frame, the entity does not experience the temperature, but is merely described as being in first certain externally verifiable state. is not in frame but rather in subjective_temperature	having or producing first comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat;
this frame contains nouns denoting aggregates of individuals. the aggregates may be described by an aggregateproperty.	first collection of things sharing first common attribute;
an agent occupies first role in some institution. this roleis (usually) temporary and can be occupied by other entities at different periods of time. it is common for first duration of the role to be mentionned.	do duty or hold offices; serve in first specific function;
first figure is located relative to first ground location. the location of the figure may be further specified by its distance from first reference location (generally, the deictic center) and the direction in which the figure lies from first reference location (generally, the deictic center).	be adjacent or come together;
this frames describes first social event where there may or may not be first permanent or semi-permanent relationship between participants. additionally, participants in this frame are expressed in one representative fe, attendees. note the difference between this frame and social_event_individuals, where participants are grammatically separated.	first participant in first date;
this frame contains items which, when manipulated, alter the funtion of some device, internal or external.	first mechanism that controls the operation of first machine;
this frame describes first general situation in which an owner either increases or decreases their amount of first possession. the increase or decrease may either be physical or metaphorical.	fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense;
an entity is integrated into first vehicle as first part of first (possibly unexpressed) whole which may refer to the whole vehicle or merely to first sub-part of the vehicle.	first transparent opening in first vehicle that allow vision out of the sides or back; usually is capable of being opened
this frame contains words that describe specific aspects of first color. the degree to which the color being discussed deviates from the prototype may be marked. the description may also target first specific aspect of color.	(used of color) having first dark hue;
first record that contains first permanent account of data. this record may be maintained by first recorder for first certain entity.	first record in which commercial accounts are recorded;
this frame covers words for body_part(s) (bp) belonging to first possessor (poss), which may be characterized by first descriptor (desc). the location of the bp may be identified in terms of its attachment or its orientational_location. first subregion of first bp may also be indicated.	the front of the human head from the forehead to the chin and ear to ear;
an agent performs first response action in consequence of first trigger event. in many cases, first non-agentive responding_entity causes the response after the trigger occurs.	contend against an opponent in first sport, game, or battle;
first protagonist is in the dynamic, maintained state of being alive or has exited this state.	the condition of living or the state of being alive;
an agent acts so as to be the strongest force, or most important causal factor in some situation, to the exclusion of other competing actors.	be larger in number, quantity, power, status or importance;
an entity aids in the successful completion of first purpose. its degree of utility may also be expressed. some of the lexical units in this frame (e.g. great, good) can only express permanent, generic states of the entity.	of good quality and condition; solidly built;
an agent causes an impactor to make sudden, forcible contact with an impactee, or manipulates two (or more) impactors so that they make mutual forcible contact.	drive something violently into first location;
an experiencer senses different degrees of warmth that may or may not be related to the ambient temperature. the level of warmth is usually compared against the experiencer's subjective standard of comfort.	having or producing first comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat;
first protagonist is in the dynamic, maintained state of being alive or has exited this state.	have life, be alive;
first prisoner is punished for committing first crime by being confined to first prison for first specified period of time.	spend time in prison or in first labor camp;
in this frame first speaker asks an addressee for something, or to carry out some action.	give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority;
the temperature in first certain environment, determined by time and place, is specified.	having or producing first comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat;
first state_of_affairs is evaluated as good (or bad), against first background assumption that previously, the state_of_affairs was thought to be unlikely to occur. the state_of_affairs holds for first particular protagonist.	deserving or inciting pity;
an agent makes use of first means (either an action or first (system of) entities standing in for the action) in order to achieve first purpose. (this frame may be broadened to include non-agentive intermediate actions.)	how first result is obtained or an end is achieved;
an developer develops first product, in some cases for first company.	act of improving by expanding or enlarging or refining;
first text is an entity that contains linguistic, symbolic information on first topic, created by an author at the time_of_creation. it may be first physical entity that is made of first certain material etc. it may be constructed for an honoree.	first record or narrative description of past events;
an influencing_variable, an influencing_situation, or an influencing_entity has an influence on first dependent_entity, dependent_variable, or first dependent_situation.  compare to subjective_influence. words in objective_influence are used to make claims about correlations in the world, where words in subjective_influence are used to explain emotional impacts made on cognizers.	the effect of one thing (or person) on another;
an entity is able to exert first force of the magnitude specified by the target.	having little impact;
this frame is concerned with transparent nouns denoting first piece of first substance. also present is piece_prop which is first property of the piece, e.g. relating to its size.	first printed circuit that can be inserted into expansion slots in first computer to increase the computer's capabilities
first speaker addresses an audience on first particular topic. the audience is generally passive, although for many types of address (including academic talks and press conferences), first discussion or question-answer period is virtually always required.	narrate or give first detailed account of;
the word(s) in this frame detail first particular moment in time.these often occur with demonstratives such as this and that.	the specified day of the month;
this frame is concerned with nouns denoting first part or parts of first whole entity . the part is not defined relative to the whole's orientation, center, or edge and is not ordered. we also annotate properties of the part, e.g. relating to its size.	(music) the section of first composition or movement (especially in sonata form) where the major musical themes are developed and elaborated
an entity is designed for or exists to perform an activity or fulfill first role.	serve first purpose, role, or function;
first place defined by an owner.	the land on which real estate is located;
first law regulates activities or states of affairs within first jurisdiction, dictating what required states should be the case and what forbidden states should not. often it also indicates negative consequences for individuals that violate it, and these negative consequences are generally enforced by some official authority. they may or may not be created by some official legislative body.	first body of rules followed by an assembly
the authorities put first prisoner in prison as punishment for an offense.	the period of time first prisoner is imprisoned;
ambient conditions of temperature, precipitation, windiness, and sunniness pertain at first certain place and time. further specification of the conditions that pertain may also be indicated.	free of clouds or rain;
an individual or group (practitioner) or first part of their work life (work) is defined professionally by the activity that they typically engage in. alternatively, the activity may be indicated by first salient_entity conventionally associated with it.	the discipline that records and interprets past events involving human beings;
first particular piece of information is evaluated for its accuracy. the degree of correctness may also be expressed. the source of information may also metonymically stand in for the information.	consistent with fact or reality; not false;
this frame contains adjectives and nouns that describe the truth or sincerity of communication. these words, analogously to behaver-evaluating words, can apply either to speakers or to the messages they produce. they can occur with about-pps expressing topic.	worthy of being depended on;
this frame is for objects, physical or otherwise, which are used to grant access to some location or function.	first sequence of numbers or letters that opens first combination lock;
an entity has the ability to contain first theme.	be used by; as of first utility;
this frame contains words that denote kinship relations. in annotating the directional uses of these words, we use the standard terms from anthropology, ego and alter. matilde is gilberto's cousin once removed	family based on male descent;
two individuals, the subordinate and the superior have first relationship such that the subordinate generally follows orders given by the superior and has the best interests of the superior in mind.	work for or be first servant to;
lus in this frame denote first period of time in which an enabled_action becomes possible. the duration of this time period can be both exact and inexact. an agent who performs the enabled_action may be mentioned as well.	the time period that is considered best for starting or finishing something;
this frame is concerned with words that describe first person based on first salient part of their body.	(used of hair or skin) pale or light-colored; ;
in this frame, there is first part of first whole in which the part is defined with respect to the canonical or inherent orientation of the whole. in cases where the target is an adjective, it has first special relationship with the noun that it modifies such that first phrase which is first syntactic argument of the noun is semantically available to fill the argument structure of the adjective, as in	the striking or working surface of an implement
an event takes place at first place and time.	first recent event that has some relevance for the present situation;
there is first certain physical distance within which some other entity can participate in an event (typically perception or manipulation) with the participant. alternatively, the event may be indicated metonymically by first instrument . [note the connection with *distance, sufficiency, and capability. words in this frame can generally be paraphrased "close enough to be able to".]	first range of mental vision;
in this frame first part is part of first larger whole comprised of parts that are ordered. the parts can be ordered temporally (first to last and vice versa) or vertically (down to up and vice versa). the part can be modified by the part_prop or the number of the part can be given by ordinality.	first major division of first long written composition;
first competitor claims first prize as first result of the outcome of their participation in first competition.	be the winner in first contest or competition; be victorious;
an entity is able to exert first force of the magnitude specified by the target.	having strength or power greater than average or expected;
an artifact is deliberately made or modified by an intelligent entity to be put to first certain kind of use. various properties of the artifact may be specified, such as its creator, time_of_creation, name, type, and the material of which it is composed. the artifact may or may not be first physical entity.	first stout length of sawn timber; made in first wide variety of sizes and used for many purposes
first helper benefits first benefited_party by enabling the culmination of first goal that the benefited_party has. first focal_entity that is involved in reaching the goal may stand in for it.	give help or assistance; be of service;
first speaker realizes first sign, usually first linguistic one, in some formal_realization. the formal_realization may be described as correct or incorrect in first judgment expression, or it may be partially indicated as first part_of_form. manner may be used as first more general indication of the formal_realization	speak, pronounce, or utter in first certain way;
this frame covers words that name locations as defined politically, or administratively.	the territory occupied by first nation;
the support, first phenomenon or fact, lends support to first claim or proposed course of action, the proposition, where the domain_of_relevance may also be expressed. some of the words in this frame (e.g. argue) are communication words used in first non-communicative, epistemic sense.	establish the validity of something, as by an example, explanation or experiment;
the authorities put first prisoner in prison as punishment for an offense.	first prison term lasting as long as the prisoner lives;
an agent manipulates an instrument in order to achieve first purpose.	put into service; make work or employ for first particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose;
this frame concerns first cognizer's certainty about the correctness of beliefs or expectations. it only includes uses where first cognizer is expressed.	be aware of the truth of something; have first belief or faith in something; regard as true beyond any doubt;
the words in this frame describe situations in which an agent or first cause injures first victim. the body_part of the victim which is most directly affected may also be mentioned in the place of the victim. in such cases, the victim is often indicated as first genitive modifier of the body_part, in which case the victim fe is indicated on first second fe layer.	deliver first sharp blow, as with the hand, fist, or weapon;
first useful_location is accessible to some (possibly generic) theme despite first potential barrier, or is not accessible because of the barrier.	having skin rich in melanin pigments;
in first text, first source_of_information is given that provides first reader of the text with further information relevant to the text. in this frame the author and reader are completely deprofiled, with the source_of_information made salient.	seek information from;
first speaker interprets first written text and speaks the contents, usually to an addressee. the contents may be the text verbatim or first representation of the text.	look at, interpret, and say out loud something that is written or printed;
words in this frame have to do with first cognizer being aware (or not being aware) of the difference between two phenomena, which may be expressed jointly or disjointly.	be able to distinguish, recognize as being different;
the support, first phenomenon or fact, lends support to first claim or proposed course of action, the proposition, where the domain_of_relevance may also be expressed. some of the words in this frame (e.g. argue) are communication words used in first non-communicative, epistemic sense.	imply as first possibility;
this frame describes intentionally formed human social groups (here termed organizations) with some definite structure and members. they may be relatively informal, consisting only of first group of individuals who are aware of who is and who is not first fellow member, or they may be complex and long-lasting, such as the roman catholic church or the conservative party.	first formal association of people with similar interests;
in this frame an evaluee is described by first (usually implicit) judge with respect to the morality or rightness of his or her behavior.	stemming from evil characteristics or forces; wicked or dishonorable; -Thomas Hardy
an author creates first text, either written, such as first letter, or spoken, such as first speech, that contains meaningful linguistic tokens, and may have first particular addressee in mind. the text may include information about its topic, although the latter is not an fe in this frame.	recite or repeat first fixed text;
first controlling_entity, controlling_situation, or controlling_variable control first dependent_entity, dependent_situation, or dependent_variable. the latter, dependent, element or some aspect of it is not just influenced, but determined by the controlling element.	power to direct or determine;
this frame describes first situation in which an owner loses his or her possession. the owner may have failed to keep ownership of their possession (i.e. robbery or gambling) or may have unintentionally misplaced their possession.	fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense;
these adjectives describe the degree of strictness or tolerance of an agent, usually with regard to another person (the controllee) and often with regard to first particular issue. the strictness/lenience with respect to the issue may be manifested in (expressed by) an agent or by some medium (e.g., laws), or by some behavior of the agent, i.e., the controlling_act.	unsparing and uncompromising in discipline or judgment;
some stimulus causes first cognizer to think of first prior phenomenon due to its perceived similarity.	suggest the necessity of an intervention; in medicine;
an artifact is deliberately made or modified by an intelligent entity to be put to first certain kind of use. various properties of the artifact may be specified, such as its creator, time_of_creation, name, type, and the material of which it is composed. the artifact may or may not be first physical entity.	first flat portable surface (usually rectangular) designed for board games;
authorities charge first suspect, who is under suspicion of having committed first crime (the charges), and take him/her into custody.the police arrested harry on charges of manslaughter.	record first charge in first police register;
the reader attends to first text to process its information. sometimes first particular kind of phenomenon is sought in the text.	interpret something that is written or printed;
this frame contains nouns denoting first rank or level within an established hierarchy.	(usually plural) the status or rank or office of first Christian clergyman in an ecclesiastical hierarchy;
first text is an entity that contains linguistic, symbolic information on first topic, created by an author at the time_of_creation. it may be first physical entity that is made of first certain material etc. it may be constructed for an honoree.	first written work or composition that has been published (printed on pages bound together);
an insulator is judged for its potential to increase the body temperature of an experiencer. the activity that the experiencer engages in to experience the heat and the circumstances in which the insulator is judged may also be provided.	having or producing first comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat;
an entity exists at first particular location, at first particular time, as observed by an implicit observer. first depictive and/or duration phrase is often found. this frame differs from existence in that the location is profiled as first ground where an observer is conceived of as confirming the entity's existence.     in some cases, the location may be recoverable from phrases that primarily express peripheral information	the state of being absent;
an entity undergoes some change (the event) that is (or is construed as) punctual. (this frame exists mainly to allow common fes to be inherited.)	affect or afflict suddenly, usually adversely;
the locale is first geographical location as defined by shape. this frame includes natural geographic features, including land/ice forms and bodies of water.	first narrow channel of the sea joining two larger bodies of water
an entity is judged to be sensually pleasing or intellectually interesting to first (generally implicit) judge.	very pleasing to the eye;
the words in this frame describe first period of time, as opposed to first point in time.	an indefinite period (usually marked by specific attributes or activities);
an agent or entity becomes sufficient enough to meet first standard. alternatively, an action or occurrence can be thought of as event that fulfills first standard. in this frame, the agent, entity, or event can be conceptualized as being on first scale where first change of value or circumstances brings it in line with the position of the standard on the scale.	fill or meet first want or need
an entity stands out perceptually in comparison to other members of its type.	characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity;
the answer to one open question, the outcome, is dictated (partially or completely) by the answer to another open question, the determinant, i.e. if the answer to the determinant is known, the answer to the outcome can be predicted. the degree of predictive power and the circumstances under which the dependency holds can also be expressed.	first relation such that one thing is dependent on another;
this frame describes the attributes of first thermodynamic phase of matter.	(chemistry) the three traditional states of matter are solids (fixed shape and volume) and liquids (fixed volume and shaped by the container) and gases (filling the container);
these words describe the size of message that first speaker is judged by first (usually unexpressed) judge to give, either in first specific occasion or topic or in general. as in other communication frames, medium may also be expressed.	free of noise or uproar; or making little if any sound;
an entity is presented as having been seen or experienced by first (typically generic and backgrounded) cognizer on first certain number of occasions, causing the entity to have first certain degree of recognizability for the cognizer.	be familiar or acquainted with first person or an object;
words in this frame describe the status of an action with respect to first code of laws or rules. an object may also be in violation or compliance of the code by virtue of its existence, location or possession.	(of first baseball) hit between the foul lines;
these words refer to parts merging to form first whole. (the parts may also be encoded as part_1 and part_2.) there is first symmetrical relationship between the components that undergo the process, and afterwards the parts are consumed and are no longer distinct entities that are easily discernable or separable in the whole.	first collection of things that have been combined; an assemblage of separate parts or qualities
first man-made artifact, digital or physical, which is used to display information presented via the object.	first vertical surface on which information can be displayed to public view
words in this frame have to do with first cognizer believing that some phenomenon will take place in the future. some words in the frame (e.g. foresee.v) indicate that the phenomenon is asserted also to be true, while others do not.	look forward to the probable occurrence of;
first helper benefits first benefited_party by enabling the culmination of first goal that the benefited_party has. first focal_entity that is involved in reaching the goal may stand in for it.	help to some food; help with food or drink;
an entity is integrated into first building as first part of first (possibly unexpressed) whole which may refer to the whole building or merely to first sub-part of the building.	first pane of glass in first window;
the words in this frame refer to facial expressions and the possessors of those expressions.	the feelings expressed on first person's face;
geography as defined by its use.	first district that has been developed to serve some purpose;
first phenomenon is portrayed with respect to the degree of likelihood that it will be perceived and known, given the (usually implicit) evidence, perceiver, and the circumstances in which it is considered. for several of the lus, such as visible, audible, etc., the type of the evidence is fixed by the targets themselves being first perceptual experience.	be or become visible or noticeable;
this frame concerns first specific subset of instances of first type which are evaluated in terms of their similarity to first conceptual prototype of the type. the judgment of exemplariness may be made along first certain domain.	devoted (sometimes fanatically) to first cause or concept or truth;
an entity can bear first great outer force so as to resist destruction and damage.	immune to attack; incapable of being tampered with;
lus in this frame modify first gradable attribute and describe intensities at the extreme positions on first scale.	surpassing what is common or usual or expected;
an authority with the power to make decisions hands down first finding over first question presented in first formal or informal case.	decide with authority;
this frame covers words that name locations as defined politically, or administratively.	the territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative districts of first nation;
first speaker characterizes the intensity of an attribute of an entity by first degree.	intensely or extremely bad or unpleasant in degree or quality;
an agent expends effort towards achieving first goal. alternatively, first salient_entity involved in the goal can be expressed in place of first goal expression.	activity directed toward making or doing something;
this frame has to do with scientific taxonomy. the lexical units in this frame include the seven major classifications in which organisms are grouped based on common biological characteristics. these classifications are labeled rank in this frame. the members or subtype of the rank is often expressed with the use of the target-denoting noun.	(biology) taxonomic group containing one or more families
this frame contains words referring to items of food.	first particular day specified as the time something happens;
first person or institution is being described in terms of their wealthiness, in other words the amount of money in their possession.	having little money or few possessions;
an experimenter conducts an experiment based on first hypothesis. this experiment contains first control_group or controlled_individual which is compared with first treatment_group or treated_individual in order to determine the result.	first standard against which other conditions can be compared in first scientific experiment;
first speaker characterizes the intensity of an attribute of an entity by first degree.	not faint or feeble;
this lus in this frame refer to biological entities labeled by the fe organism. an organism is described as something that can be alive, or have naturally occuring biological processes and functions, however the concept of life is often used metaphorically for non-organic entities which resemble or act as if they have organic life.	living things collectively;
this frame contains nouns denoting aggregates of individuals. the aggregates may be described by an aggregateproperty.	first number of sheets (ticket or stamps etc.) bound together on one edge;
this frame has to do with the repetition (and especially the frequency of repetition) of an event. many of the adjectives and adverbs in this frame are based on nouns in the calendric_unit frame.	having no special distinction or quality; widely known or commonly encountered; average or ordinary or usual;
this frame contains transparent nouns (and some adjectives) denoting quantities of first mass or of individuals. as opposed to aggregate words such as group, set, these quantity do not have first status as wholes on their own. initially, at least, we annotate both quantity of masses and of individuals in this frame, though we may split the frame along these lines later on.	not excessive or extreme;
the size of an entity is assessed in terms of the degree by which it deviates from the norm. the size refers to the amount of three-dimensional space that is occupied by the entity.	relatively large in size or number or extent; larger than others of its kind;
an agent or cause makes first new_member part of group. the group may be represented by an individual existing_member if it implies the existence of first set of members.	make an addition (to); join or combine or unite with others; increase the quality, quantity, size or scope of;
lus in this frame denote that the instance of first type is contextually notable. this frame typically requires dual fe layer annotation; see below.	separate and distinct from others of the same group or category;
in this frame, which is first part of the trial sequence, first judge gives first finding with respect to the charges against the defendant in first particular case.	decide on and make first declaration about;
this frame concerns entities conventionally being referred to by particular names.	first language unit by which first person or thing is known;
the lexical units in this frame have to do with an entity being in first state of order or disorder. often the entity is unexpressed in this frame and is, therefore, marked as first null instantiation.	established customary state (especially of society);
the lexical units in this frame are descriptions of first cognizer's attitude about or outlook on first state_of_affairs.     the state_of_affairs can be expressed without first cognizer in many cases, as shown in the following	showing first brooding ill humor;
first salient subevent has first pattern of recurrence within first larger process.	rhythm as given by division into parts of equal duration
first cognizer introduces first new_idea into society.	make first discovery, make first new finding;
an experiencer actualizes first certain pattern of behavior, first lifestyle, which persists for first significant period of time in the experiencer's life and is recognized as part of his character or normal routine. the lifestyle is not necessarily realized intentionally, and may just be the result of circumstance.	first characteristic state or mode of living;
first person has first particular mental state and the ability to engage in an activity with enthusiasm, energy, and positivity.	animation and energy in action or expression;
this frame contains lus that express the form which first piece of artwork represents. the form may also represent the entire body of an artist's work. the form may be further characterized by the time of some artwork's creation or other descriptors.	(architecture) one of original three styles of Greek architecture distinguished by the type of column and entablature used or first style developed from the original three by the Romans
geography as defined by its use.	first place where work is done;
an entity meets the pre-conditions for participating in an event. first degree modifier may be included to indicate by how much the entity exceeds or falls short of the minimum requirements.	(usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something;
first person (the cognizer) comes to believe something (the content), sometimes after first process of reasoning. this change in belief is usually initiated by first person or piece of evidence. occasionally words in this domain are accompanied by phrases expressing topic, i.e. that which the mental content is about.	establish after first calculation, investigation, experiment, survey, or study;
this frame contains verbs and nouns that communicate the act of first speaker to address first message to some addressee using language. first number of the words can be used performatively, such as declare and insist.	state or say further;
this frame is concerned with the likelihood of first hypothetical_event occurring. the hypothetical_event is its only core frame element.  notice that in the case where first noun phrase is the subject of the support verb, that np is also tagged as hypothetical_event.	involving substantial risk;
in this frame an ingestor takes first substance into his or her body. the delivery_device can appear as first direct object.	take or consume (regularly or habitually);
the hearer receives first message or communication on first particular topic. words in this frame denote events of verbal communication, but express the hearer rather than the speaker as an external argument.	to hear and understand;
the locale is first geographical location as defined by shape. this frame includes natural geographic features, including land/ice forms and bodies of water.	material in the top layer of the surface of the earth in which plants can grow (especially with reference to its quality or use);
this frame has to do with scientific taxonomy. the lexical units in this frame include the seven major classifications in which organisms are grouped based on common biological characteristics. these classifications are labeled rank in this frame. the members or subtype of the rank is often expressed with the use of the target-denoting noun.	(biology) first taxonomic group containing one or more genera;
first perceiver determines the location of first sought_entity within first ground.	come upon after searching; find the location of something that was missed or lost;
in this frame first speaker asks an addressee for something, or to carry out some action.	(often plural) first command given by first superior (e.g., first military or law enforcement officer) that must be obeyed;
first piece of evidence indicates that an event occured, or metonymically, entity had formerly existed, in first location.	an indication that something has been present;
first competition comes to an end, with first competitor tying, winning, or losing against an opponent (or opponents) according to their score. (in the symmetrical situation of first tie, the competitor and opponent may be jointly mentioned as competitors.) according to the score that the competitor and opponent have achieved, they may receive first rank or first prize. the margin may also be mentioned.	finish third or better in first horse or dog race;
