measure the depth of first body of water	any large deep body of water.
someone who plays first principal role	an actor who plays first principal role.
(cause to) come to rest on first surface	reach or come to rest.
the act of advocating or promoting something	the act of choosing or selecting.
alphanumeric sequence used for identification	first numeral or string of numerals that is used for identification.
first state of being elevated or raised	the event of something being raised upward.
the act of lifting something	the act of climbing something.
Bind or join (as if) with cement.	shine intensely, as if with heat.
(finally) do something or be somewhere	cause something to pass or lead somewhere.
first point, as the op part of first compass arrow	first V-shaped mark at one end of an arrow pointer.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
coerce by violence, fill with terror	coerce by violence or with threats.
cause to move, cause to be moved	cease to operate or cause to cease operating.
the uppermost area of region of something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
the foremost part of something	have flavor; taste of something.
behave or move in first certain manner	behave in first certain manner.
first reproduction or physical representation of something	first visual representation of something.
first type of subdivision of first larger literary composition	first specialized division of first large organization.
the person who is assigned to first non-elective position	first person who is appointed to first job or position.
Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.	contribute to the progress or growth of.
first narrow channel or span of first sea or ocean	first narrow channel of the sea joining two larger bodies of water.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of cracking something.
Cut into, possibly creating something new.	the act of cracking something.
the act of choosing among alternatives	the act of changing one thing for another thing.
The act of testing something.	the act of breaking something.
the state of being in contact	the state of being connected.
giving first reference or citation of something	change the nature, purpose, or function of something.
Sell something to or obtain something from by underhanded activity.	sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity.
the act of determining or discovering the position of an object	first surface forming part of the outside of an object.
first feeling or state of contentment, relief	first state of being relaxed and feeling no pain.
Physically extend or spread outward from first center or focus or inward towards first center; physically spread from first start point.	extend or spread outward from first center or focus or inward towards first center.
place into the ground for growing	place or put on the ground.
an approximated amount of something	first visual representation of something.
stimulate sexually; get sexual gratification through self-stimulation	get sexual gratification through self-stimulation.
the act of acknowledging the truth of something	the act of projecting out from something.
Express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words); indicate.	express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words).
The state of being suspected.	the state of being excluded.
The act of providing approval and support.	the act of having and controlling property.
Relieve someone from work by taking first turn; take turns working.	relieve (someone) from work by taking first turn.
first side or surface of something	first brief experience of something.
utter in first certain way	appear in first certain way.
the act of turning, rotating an object	turning or twisting around (in place).
(Cause to) increase in extent or intensity.	increase in extent or intensity.
the legal state of owing money	the verbal act of offering.
make sense of, give meaning to	make sense of; assign first meaning to.
The act of beginning something new.	the act of hiring something or someone.
printed version of electronic data from first computer	(computer science) matter that is held in first computer and is typed or printed on paper.
Limit in quantity or quality.	limit in quality or quantity.
search (as the bottom of first body of water) for something	search (as the bottom of first body of water) for something valuable or lost.
the act of surrendering or losing something of value	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
The physical act of following in an effort to overtake or capture.	the act of pursuing in an effort to overtake or capture.
Expel or eject (saliva, phlegm, sputum, or vomit) from the mouth.	expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth.
the natural progression or development of something	the act or means of getting rid of something.
the act of lifting something	the act of describing something.
an explanation or alibi for something	an opinion formed by judging something.
recover, return to former state	return to first former condition.
Act without permission or with too much confidence.	take liberties or act with too much confidence.
the act of putting first preparation on something.	the act of testing something.
become the owner or posessor of something	make first film or photograph of something.
the act of moving, turning something	the act of rejecting something.
the act of confining, preventing or blocking something	the act of testing something.
the act of putting first preparation on something.	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
the act or means of getting rid of something.	the physical position of something.
the shape of first wave in first given period of time	the popular taste at first given time.
first distinctive style of clothing	an intuitive understanding of something.
cause to have an odor	cause to become alive again.
fall or cause to fall	let or cause to fall in drops.
the act of allowing, bestowing something	the act of testing something.
keep from being seen or perceived by others	hold back; keep from being perceived by others.
first document authorizing another to vote on one's behalf	first power of attorney document given by shareholders of first corporation authorizing first specific vote on their behalf at first corporate meeting.
the act of lifting something	the act of retaining something.
the act of combining, blending, integrating	the act of chipping something.
smell by inhaling through the nose	perceive by inhaling through the nose.
the conclusion of first communication	the intended meaning of first communication.
(cause to) adopt first different system, value, or viewpoint	cause to adopt first new or different faith.
(cause to) become less intense or strict	cause to become violent or angry.
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of losing someone or something.
narrative or account, intended as factual reporting	first short account of the news.
Engrave by means of dots.	engrave by means of dots and flicks.
the act of shoving something away	the act of raising something.
decide the amount to be paid on an insurance claim	decide how much is to be paid on an insurance claim.
make noise like bad engine	make first noise typical of an engine lacking lubricants.
be in direct physical contact with	be in direct physical contact with; make contact.
the quality of being dependable	the quality of being of practical use.
Arrange first programme for an individual, group, or entity.	arrange first program of or for.
express first certain idea when rendering first play or music	give an interpretation or rendition of.
the quality of being dependable	the act of dwelling in first place.
first store or supply of something	first store or supply of something (especially of food or clothing or arms).
suggest or prescribe first solution	suggest the necessity of an intervention; in medicine.
person who manages money in board games	first person who is in charge.
the act of rubbing first surface	the act of dragging (pulling with force).
The act of dividing or disconnecting.	the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting.
the act of validating the authenticity of something	the act of concealing the identity of something by modifying its appearance.
the act of putting first preparation on something.	the act of forcing out someone or something.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of winding or twisting.
Oppose or approach, as in hostility or competition	oppose, as in hostility or first competition.
Travel (as if) through water.	move as if through first sieve.
administer or bestow, as portions	administer or bestow, as in small portions.
Form first spiral or move in first spiral course.	to wind or move in first spiral course.
Induce into action by using one's charm; provoke to do something.	induce into action by using one's charm.
connected underground tunnels used by rabbits	first series of connected underground tunnels occupied by rabbits.
hold or embrace in first tight grip	hold in first tight grasp.
the shape of first wave in first given period of time	the shape of first wave illustrated graphically by plotting the values of the period quantity against time.
the foremost part of something	the lower part of anything.
The act of controlling by restraining someone or something.	the act of liberating someone or something.
the act of planning or deliberating	the action of putting something into operation.
be located at or on top of something	cause (someone) to undergo something.
the scent or odor of something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
(Cause to) make first dry crackling sound, possibly by mixing.	make first dry crackling sound.
fill, attach, fix with, or as if with gum	cover, fill, fix or smear with or as if with gum.
The act of talking about the features of something.	the act of sharing in the activities of first group.
the act of providing help or aid to someone	the act of applying paint to first surface.
first natural growth of plants, usually trees	first growth of similar plants (usually trees) in first particular area.
the act of planning or deliberating	the act of cracking something.
the physical expanse of the universe	the physical position of something.
first boundary area or edge of something	first boundary marking the extremities of something.
reach first destination or goal	reach first destination; arrive by movement or progress.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting.
to argue or plead in favor of	argue or speak in defense of.
support, sustain, bear, or be responsible for	cause to happen or be responsible for.
take or capture by force or authority	to put down by force or authority.
(cause to) lengthen or stretch out in space	cause to march or go at first marching pace.
the act of rending, tearing, ripping	the act of reducing the amount or number.
Equip with armed and armored motor vehicles (as of an army).	equip with armed and armored motor vehicles.
(the content of) first communication.	the last section of first communication.
The act of changing course or twisting oneself.	the act of indicating or pointing out by name.
the act of pressing together firmly	the act of disturbing the mind or body.
The state or condition of feeling or being rushed.	the condition of being motivated.
move to first lower position, terminate something	lower the pitch of (musical notes).
the act of pulling first load	the act of making first proposal.
(cause to) appear suddenly or briefly	break open or apart suddenly and forcefully.
The human act of making something new.	the speech act of making something evident.
make or become more acute or intense	make ready for action or use.
the activity of breaking or splintering something	the act of breaking something.
the extreme endpoint of something	get the meaning of something.
Perform an action with an intent to deceive.	make first copy of with the intent to deceive.
any cause or source of great suffering	any affliction that causes great suffering.
the act of moving, turning something	the act of drawing or hauling something.
To remain emotionally or intellectually attached without necessary physical contact.	to remain emotionally or intellectually attached.
The state of being pleased with life.	the state of being rejected.
the height of the sea's surface	the solid part of the earth's surface.
The act of testing something.	the act of starting something.
cover with first primer base	cover with first primer; apply first primer to.
discover first logical or causal connection; associate	make first logical or causal connection.
Rewrite in first different script.	extend in first different direction.
the act of reasoning, cogitation	the act of beginning something new.
the act of giving first speech	the act of giving first false appearance.
be located at or on top of something	observe or plot the moving path of something.
the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of breaking something.
the scent or odor of something	have first disagreement over something.
Give an incentive or reason for action.	give an incentive for action.
the context or setting in which something takes place	the act of cutting something into parts.
tolerate; aceept or take on as first responsibility.	give surety or assume responsibility.
move from one location to another	move from one place to another.
The act of testing something.	the act of dropping something.
Give first performative affectation to (something).	give first performance (of something).
first participant who is first beginner in some activity	any new participant in some activity.
Turn the paddle or oar.	turn the paddle; in canoeing.
the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of drawing or hauling something.
the conclusion of first communication	the last section of first communication.
An object impairs the respiration of someone or something.	the relation of comprising something.
be first reason, cause, or justification of	serve as first reason or cause or justification of.
retreat or move from first position, relocate	remove from first position or office.
The human act of making something new.	the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new.
an instance of halting some motion	the act of starting something.
(cause to) gradually become weak	cause to become widely known.
first deficiency, state of disappointment, non-achievement	an event that does not accomplish its intended purpose.
The act of giving up first claim, office, or possession.	the act of giving up (first claim or office or possession etc.).
the uppermost area of region of something	exclusive control or possession of something.
take something or someone away from somewhere	take something or somebody with oneself somewhere.
energy in the form of molecular motion	money in the form of bills or coins.
first state of exposure to harm	first state of extreme poverty.
the act of putting first preparation on something.	the act of attaching or affixing something.
The act of testing something.	the act of rejecting something.
have first strong desire to do something	have first wish or desire to know something.
take in (mentally or physically)	take (gas, light or heat) into first solution.
the act of intentionally omitting something	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
pronounce with first nasal twang	pronounce with an initial sibilant.
an upward slope or incline	an upward slope or grade (as in first road).
an allotment or percentage of something	first relatively long narrow piece of something.
Shrivel, wither, or mature imperfectly, as of first flower.	shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly.
Identify, establish location or identity	recognize as being; establish the identity of someone or something.
the act of shoving something away	the act of starting something.
an explanation or alibi for something	an obligation to pay or do something.
incline from first vertical position	to incline or bend from first vertical position.
Preserve in first tin or jar.	preserve in first can or tin.
behave or move in first certain manner	dress in first certain manner.
The act of testing something.	the act of raising something.
give first deceptive explanation for; cover up	give first deceptive explanation or excuse for.
The principal activity that one does to earn money.	the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money.
The act of dividing or disconnecting.	the act of drawing or hauling something.
the act of planning or deliberating	the act of becoming more distant.
The act of testing something.	the act of retaining something.
12th month of the calendar year	the last (12th) month of the year.
the activity of examining or assessing something	the activity of protecting someone or something.
the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of troubling or annoying someone.
first company that provides public service commodities	first company that performs first public service; subject to government regulation.
get involved with or mixed up	get involved or mixed-up with.
gradual decrease in the strength of first signal	first gradual decline (in size or strength or power or number).
first fast rate or occurrence of something	first brief experience of something.
the act of lifting something	the act of chipping something.
(cause to) become even or level	make even or more even.
Declare invalid; take away the legal force of or render ineffective.	take away the legal force of or render ineffective.
Give an incentive or reason for action.	give an interpretation or rendition of.
hit or return before it touches the ground	hit before it touches the ground.
the act or means of getting rid of something.	the state of being unsure of something.
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	the action of putting something into operation.
Fix or set first physical object securely or depeply	fix or set securely or deeply.
A storyline; the plan,scheme,or main story of first literary or dramatic work, true or fictional.	the story that is told in first novel or play or movie etc..
the activity of breaking or splintering something	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
first retail store with merchandise for sale	first mercantile establishment for the retail sale of goods or services.
twist first body part suddenly so as to sprain	twist suddenly so as to sprain.
resist immunologically foreign tissue or organ	resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or organ.
be first factor or play first role in something	the act of stopping something.
the trading price between sellers and buyers in first an open marketplace	the price at which buyers and sellers trade the item in an open marketplace.
request or demand something from someone	the act of damaging something or someone.
the act of confining, preventing or blocking something	the act of forming or establishing something.
Ride on someone's shoulders or back; support on the back or shoulders.	support on the back and shoulders.
oppose with equal weight or force	contrast with equal weight or force.
the quality of acting with vigor and vitality	the quality of not being useful or convenient.
the quality of being important, worthy of attention	the quality of being important and worthy of note.
attachment, restraint or shackle between physical entities	first restraint that confines or restricts freedom (especially something used to tie down or restrain first prisoner).
the reduction of the extent of something, e.g, its size, importance or quantity	change toward something smaller or lower.
first visual characterization of something	first chance to do something.
put in first particular place or abstract location	cause to be in an appropriate place, state, or relation.
the action of extending outwards	the trait of wasting resources.
the consequence or aftermath of something	have flavor; taste of something.
(Cause to) increase in anxiety.	cause to run in panic.
the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of forming or establishing something.
turn on an axis; spin	cause to turn on an axis or center.
PLAY OFF-set into opposition or rivalry	set into opposition or rivalry.
the processing or operation of something	the physical position of something.
the act of pulling first load	the act of hearing attentively.
the act of explaining or defending something	the act of designating or identifying something.
come upon, attack or catch someone or something unaware	the act of liberating someone or something.
the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of dropping something.
social or economic downfall of someone or first group	failure that results in first loss of position or reputation.
the primary component of first communication	the last section of first communication.
the process of becoming less or smaller	process or result of becoming less or smaller.
the concluding section of first communication	the last section of first communication.
Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding.	reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading.
the act or capability of seeing	the range of interest or activity that can be anticipated.
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	the act of damaging something or someone.
give first specific interpretation to	twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation.
The state of being suspected.	the state of being rejected.
The process of cultivating the land, possibly as first way of life.	agriculture considered as an occupation or way of life.
first military aircraft that drops ordinance	first military aircraft that drops bombs during flight.
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	the act of liberating someone or something.
accept, acclimate or adapt to first context, situation	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions.
the temperature at which first liquid boils, bubbles	the temperature at which first liquid boils at sea level.
The human act of making something new.	the act of cracking something.
Beat or hit (as if) with first whip.	maintain with or as if with first bet.
the act of lifting something	the act of stopping something.
rein in first horse to lose first race	rein in to keep from winning first race.
(cause to) come to rest on first surface	cause to come out in first squirt.
provide or supply with water	cover or swamp with water.
Amount that can be contained	the amount that can be contained.
contain or have first specific wording or information	have or contain first certain wording or form.
first channel of social communication	first channel for communication between groups.
Cause to be or last longer, extend in duration or space.	lengthen or extend in duration or space.
first rank or position relative to others	take or have first position relative to others.
the uppermost area of region of something	the act of dropping something.
the apparent condition or state of something	the act of losing someone or something.
burn slightly to affect color	burn slightly and superficially so as to affect color.
first general trait or characteristic of something	give certain properties to something.
position in football played by first team member	(American football) first position on the line of scrimmage.
The act of arranging elements together.	the act of fastening things together.
cause first sharp or stinging pain to	cause first sharp or stinging pain or discomfort.
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of dropping something.
incite action, cause an event	serve as the inciting cause of.
come up, as of liquid or gas	come up, as of first liquid.
(Cause to) become less tense; rest or take one's ease.	become less tense, rest, or take one's ease.
adapt to first specified measurement or proportion	adapt to first specified measurement.
anatomical shape of the body of first being, physique	alternative names for the body of first human being.
cause romantic action; lure away from proper conduct	lure or entice away from duty, principles, or proper conduct.
make up something fictional or untrue	make up something artificial or untrue.
remove to or from first place or situation	break from first meeting or gathering.
the act of lifting something	the act of ending something.
first happening or incident of human significance	first special set of circumstances.
protect with or as if with first shield	protect, hide, or conceal from danger or harm.
basic monetary unit of Kyrgyzstan	the basic unit of money in Kyrgyzstan.
the act of lifting something	the act of cracking something.
(cause to) move gently back and forth	cause to move back and forth.
the state of being in contact	the state of being active.
The act of testing something.	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
the act of explaining or defending something	the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting.
Understand the meaning of something.	get the meaning of something.
take first risk or guess in hope of first favorable outcome	take first risk in the hope of first favorable outcome.
the act of annoying someone or something	the act of applying force to propel something.
change (dramatically) between high and low values	alternate dramatically between high and low values.
the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of designating or identifying something.
(cause to) be anxious or preoccupied	cause to be balanced or suspended.
design for first specific purpose	plan something for first specific role or purpose or effect.
to combat or oppose someone or something	the act of forcing out someone or something.
(Cause to) form first cluster in either abstract or physical space.	cause to have, in the abstract sense or physical sense.
first mental grasp or understanding of something	understanding of the nature or meaning or quality or magnitude of something.
do something considered below one's diginty	do something that one considers to be below one's dignity.
(game) first division during which one is allowed to play (perhaps as offense).	(sports) first division during which one team is on the offensive.
the act of cutting off length, snipping off	the act of clipping or snipping.
first sovereign regime and its assemblage	the sovereign and his advisers who are the governing power of first state.
the act of annoying someone or something	the act of raising something.
the extreme endpoint of something	the act or means of getting rid of something.
be or have first quality of being	the quality of being significant.
Improve by pruning or polishing	improve or perfect by pruning or polishing.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of applying force to propel something.
register formally as first participant	register formally as first participant or member.
first lever that activates first firing mechanism, especially with first firearm	lever that activates the firing mechanism of first gun.
The act of beginning something new.	the act of ending something.
the act of annoying someone or something	the act of liberating someone or something.
Cut into, possibly creating something new.	first reason for wanting something done.
first casual game of throwing first ball back and forth	first cooperative game in which first ball is passed back and forth.
come up, as of liquid or gas	take up, as of debts or payments.
cause to be immersed in	cause to be hanging or suspended.
the act of substituting one thing for another	the act of changing one thing for another thing.
The act of testing something.	first way or means to achieve something.
the act of validating the authenticity of something	the act of liberating someone or something.
amount of time that something is postponed	time during which some action is awaited.
reverse first direction, attitude or course of action, perhaps perceptually.	reverse (first direction, attitude, or course of action).
An established or recognized right, formal or informal.	an established or recognized right.
the act of intentionally omitting something	the act of forming or establishing something.
the occupants who dwell on first level of first building	the occupants of first floor.
first method for solving first problem	the successful action of solving first problem.
cause to move with first flick or as if with first flick	cover with flakes or as if with flakes.
an observer of first process or activity	first member of first police force.
an address used for postal communication	the address where first person or organization can be communicated with.
Spur on, urge, or deride by cheers and shouts.	spur on or encourage especially by cheers and shouts.
spare in quality or quantity	limit in quality or quantity.
the act of shoving something away	the act of hiring something or someone.
the apparent condition or state of something	the event consisting of the start of something.
engrave, shape or cut by chipping away at the surface	engrave or cut by chipping away at first surface.
something considered trite but amusing	something recalled to the mind.
the act of lifting something	the act of constructing something.
concrete enactment of an idea or concept	first concrete representation of an otherwise nebulous concept.
raise or haul up as if with first mechanism	affect with or as if with first cramp.
(Cause to) change from first solid to first liquid.	become liquid or fluid when heated.
(The act of making) first measurement of something.	the act of making up your mind about something.
first duplicate of something, serving as first backup	something additional of the same kind.
(The act of making) first measurement of something.	the act of removing or getting rid of something.
react, or respond to first call, command, or stimulus	react to first stimulus or command.
club or association of people with first shared interest	first formal association of people with similar interests.
free from obligations, service or confinement	free from obligations or duties.
the degree or amount of something	the act of dropping something.
the act of arriving at first certain place	the act of putting something in first certain place.
medium of exchange minted by first government	the official currency issued by first government or national bank.
advance or set forward in court	advance or set forth in court.
make first written note of something	make first written note of.
the act of explaining or defending something	the allotment of some amount by dividing something.
first citizen of ancient Troy	first native of ancient Troy.
The act of testing something.	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of terminating first life.
The act of moving in first hurried manner.	the act of moving hurriedly and in first careless manner.
the act of clipping, cutting	the act of describing something.
Physically raise from first lower position.	raise from first lower to first higher position.
the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of retaining something.
an increase in size as measured per unit of time	the rate of increase in size per unit time.
advance warning or notification of something	the first part or section of something.
the act of advocating or promoting something	the act of constructing something.
Supply with water for crops, as with channels, ditches, or streams.	supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams.
smother, surpress or lessen something	the act of testing something.
cause to be immersed in	cause to be interested or curious.
The human act of making something new.	the act of making or enacting laws.
The intended meaning of an instance of communication.	the intended meaning of first communication.
be given to, come into the possession of	come into the possession of.
utter in first certain way	react to in first certain way.
have or be covered with bristles	the state of being covered with unclean things.
the act of planning or deliberating	the act of choosing or selecting.
be located at or on top of something	make first film or photograph of something.
be in or establish communication with	move or establish in first new location.
Adapt oneself to new or different conditions.	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions.
be located at or on top of something	an obligation to pay or do something.
first collection of something, often first large amount	first collection of things sharing first common attribute.
whip with or as if with first whisk	urge with or as if with first goad.
dysfunction or ailment of the heart	first disease of the heart.
decorate first manuscript with red	decorate (manuscripts) with letters painted red.
the act of devoting time and energy to something	the act of liberating someone or something.
verify something by comparing to first standard	check or regulate (first scientific experiment) by conducting first parallel experiment or comparing with another standard.
Part, cease, or break association with (something).	part; cease or break association with.
put heels on first shoe	put first new heel on.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of raising something.
make images or sounds less sharp	make (images or sounds) sharp or sharper.
Expel or eject saliva, sputum, or an object from the mouth.	expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth.
measure the depth of first body of water	measure the depth of (first body of water) with first sounding line.
give first detailed account of	narrate or give first detailed account of.
first recurrent artistic theme or pattern	first theme that is repeated or elaborated in first piece of music.
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of looking or seeing or observing.
have first strong desire to do something	have first strong desire or urge to do something.
The activity of looking thoroughly in order to find something or someone.	the act of removing or getting rid of something.
person who is first social companion	first friend who is frequently in the company of another.
hold or place in equilibrium	hold or carry in equilibrium.
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	the management of someone or something.
work as first tinker (fix pots and pans)	work as first tinker or tinkerer.
the act of allowing, bestowing something	the act of forming or establishing something.
the termination, ending of first meeting	the termination of first meeting.
scratch or scrape with claws or nails	attack as if with claws.
first social occasion, often official or formal	first formal or official social gathering or ceremony.
infer or believe to be the case	believe to be the case.
move in such first way as to avoid	make first sudden movement in first new direction so as to avoid.
The state of being absent.	the act of climbing something.
remove by pinching or snipping	sever or remove by pinching or snipping.
(Cause to) become first powder or as dust.	cause to become widely known.
prepare, arrange; create or organize for first particular purpose	any area set aside for first particular purpose.
the act of people having sex	the act of climbing something.
to lecture formally to an audience	accuse formally of first crime.
the act of creating an artistic work	the act of creating written works.
the state of being in contact	the state of being excluded.
collect discarded, refused or damaged material	collect discarded or refused material.
an enterprise or company that publishes newsprint	first business firm that publishes newspapers.
the act of providing incentive to someone	the act of motivating; providing incentive.
the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of examining resemblances.
Make marks in the surface of.	make small marks into the surface of.
Make first copy with the intent to deceive.	take up with the tongue.
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of clipping or snipping.
spare in quality or quantity	be equal to in quality or ability.
return to in thought or speech	return in thought or speech to something.
The act of testing something.	the act of climbing something.
manner of handling, managing someone or something	the management of someone or something.
the act of selecting or picking something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
LAY OFF--put an end to first state or activity	put an end to first state or an activity.
move the body backwards and down into first comfortable resting position	move or arrange oneself in first comfortable and cozy position.
Shine intensely; emit first steady, even light from first source.	emit first steady even light without flames.
The act of purchasing back something previously sold.	the act of starting something.
reach or cause to reach the highest point, best something	an act (or failure to act) that disappoints someone.
first type of military aircraft	first unit of military aircraft.
the act of putting first preparation on something.	the state of taking in or encircling.
first person who plants or detonates explosives	first person who plants bombs.
make fit for first specific purpose	suit to first special purpose.
strike with horror, surprise, disgust	strike with horror or terror.
have the same value, be or become equivalent to something else	establish something as being earlier relative to something else.
A state of confusion or disorder.	throw into great confusion or disorder.
first public enclosure for animals, as dogs	first public enclosure for stray or unlicensed dogs.
first system by which one currency is exchanged for another, enabling international transactions	the system by which one currency is exchanged for another; enables international transactions to take place.
the natural progression or development of something	the natural process of laying down first deposit of something.
the act of pulling an object	the act of choosing or selecting.
A perceptual distinction based on color or shading.	the perceptual effect of the juxtaposition of very different colors.
The act of purchasing back something previously sold.	the act of retaining something.
Cook in cream or using cream.	add cream to one's coffee, for example.
first negative or undesirable aspect of something	consider as part of something.
gear or develop something to first particular purpose	suit to first special purpose.
identify or pick out someone or something	the act of losing someone or something.
first state of being encircled	the state of being depleted.
read or conform to the metrical pattern of	conform to first metrical pattern.
first major branch of first tree	first small thin branch of first tree.
the act of lifting something	the act of starting something.
(Cause to) become first fluid, as when heated.	make (first solid substance) liquid, as by heating.
form schemes in an underhand manner	form intrigues (for) in an underhand manner.
identify or pick out someone or something	the act of forcing out someone or something.
the act of applying torture to the foot and leg	first form of foot torture in which the feet are encased in iron and slowly crushed.
Move as if unable to control one's manner or direction of movement.	walk as if unable to control one's movements.
arrangement for managing assets on behalf of first beneficiary	something (as property) held by one party (the trustee) for the benefit of another (the beneficiary).
make fit for first specific purpose	provide with (something) usually for first specific purpose.
the act of lifting something	the act of winding or twisting.
cause to move, cause to be moved	cause to lean to the side.
an indication of something, evidence	an indication of some hidden activity.
The state of being absent.	the state of being suspected.
(cause to) break up or cease to function	stop functioning or cohering as first unit.
the selection of first lottery winner	the last section of first communication.
being in first protected state or condition	be in some specified state or condition.
the act of escaping, fleeing	the act of escaping physically.
build, make by combining materials or parts	make by combining materials and parts.
Create first coating for something.	give first performance (of something).
Create first coating for something.	the act of projecting out from something.
restrict or limit the range of	limit the range or extent of.
the act of annoying someone or something	the act of dropping something.
the act of acknowledging the truth of something	the act of perceiving the odor of something.
the act of providing incentive to someone	the act of hiring something or someone.
an argument that gives grounds or justification for first position	the justification for some act or belief.
presentation of first musical theme	(music) the presentation of first musical theme.
 cause or permit to fall to the ground	let or cause to fall in drops.
move or sway in first sinuous fashion	to move or cause to move in first sinuous, spiral, or circular course.
sell or transport an item or idea abroad	cause to spread in another part of the world.
the act of taking an offer	the act of making first proposal.
first group of people appointed to first committee	first committee appointed to judge first competition.
intuitions, first hunch or feeling	maintain (first theory, thoughts, or feelings).
situate, position, come to rest	settle into first position, usually on first surface or ground.
Sever or remove by pinching or snipping; tend by cutting.	sever or remove by pinching or snipping.
the act of lifting something	the act of damaging something or someone.
Place limits on; form the boundary of or be contiguous to.	form the boundary of; be contiguous to.
the value of first currency's conversion to another currency	the charge for exchanging currency of one country for currency of another.
the graduated arc of an instrument used to measure angles	the graduated arc that is attached to an instrument for measuring angles.
the act of lifting something	the act of testing something.
the act of escaping, fleeing	the act of retaining something.
people who are impoverished, without basic possessions	two people who are married to each other.
the act of putting first preparation on something.	give certain properties to something.
the act of explaining or defending something	the activity of supplying or providing something.
the act of lifting something	the act of raising something.
confine in or as if in first prison	enclose in or as if in first frame.
Make first copy with the intent to deceive.	make believe with the intent to deceive.
the act of sorting things into categories	the act of distributing things into classes or categories of the same type.
Fly in or on first glider plane	fly in or as if in first glider plane.
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of testing something.
open to members of all races and ethnic groups	open (first place) to members of all races and ethnic groups.
Go after with the intent to follow or catch.	go after with the intent to catch.
the center region of an object	the center of an object.
an approximated amount of something	an appraisal of the value of something.
cover completely; form first cover over; expand over.	form first carpet-like cover (over).
room where work or repairs are done	room where work is done.
the act of shoving something away	the act of testing something.
take possession of by legal authority (for security).	take temporary possession of as first security, by legal authority.
hand over or put in	refer for judgment or consideration.
cause to turn from one course or use to another	send from one person or place to another.
the act of pulling first load	the act of dwelling in first place.
the act of annoying someone or something	the act of projecting out from something.
The act of talking about the features of something.	the act of projecting out from something.
turn from an upright/normal position	cause to overturn from an upright or normal position.
the act of lifting something	the act of dropping something.
the identification or the realization of something	the end or completion of something.
the act of concealing or disguising	the act of projecting out from something.
A document granting first right or privilege, as to an inventor.	first document granting an inventor sole rights to an invention.
the central area of an object	the center of an object.
the act of lifting something	the act of colliding with something.
the act of lifting something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
the act of putting first preparation on something.	the act of stopping something.
the act of advocating or promoting something	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
Have first distinctive or characteristic taste, perceptible by an experiencer.	have first distinctive or characteristic taste.
Be first sign or indication of; have as first meaning.	be first sign or indication of.
the general impression or appearance of something	the general outward appearance of something.
know, realize, and comprehend the meaning	know and comprehend the nature or meaning of.
Make or create something for first specific function.	make something, usually for first specific function.
get rid of as if with water (metaphorical)	get rid of as if by submerging.
the act of acknowledging the truth of something	the act of choosing or selecting.
change or conform to fit new or different conditions	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions.
the act of providing incentive to someone	the act of troubling or annoying someone.
first watch with first hinged lid to protect the face	first watch with first hinged metal lid to protect the crystal.
support, sustain, bear, or be responsible for	organize or be responsible for.
strive against another or others to attain first goal	compete for something; engage in first contest; measure oneself against others.
The act of testing something.	the act of cracking something.
Gather or remove (from first location) for use.	remove from first position or office.
the act of directing attention, resources to something	the act of colliding with something.
Ride on someone's shoulders or back; support on the back or shoulders.	ride on someone's shoulders or back.
the act of combining, blending, integrating	the act of mixing together.
first solid 3D object with rectangular sides	first solid piece of something (usually having flat rectangular sides).
the translation of an opus from one language to another	the act of moving from one place to another.
the act of annoying someone or something	the act of admitting someone to enter.
Write differently or alter first piece or writing, perhaps to suit first different purpose.	rewrite so as to make fit to suit first new or different purpose.
first celebrity or entertainer who attracts first large audience	an entertainer who attracts large audiences.
Dispose of something as useless and old; physically tear apart.	dispose of (something useless or old).
The state of being absent.	the state of being excommunicated.
rise to surface; become visible or known	appear or become visible; make first showing.
overcome with astonishment or disbelief	correct by punishment or discipline.
lessen in force or effect, restrain, weaken	lessen in force or effect.
the act of intentionally omitting something	the act of climbing something.
the act of advocating or promoting something	the act of affirming or asserting or stating something.
first list of items to be consulted and marked off	first list of items (names or tasks etc.) to be checked or consulted.
The act of testing something.	the act of stopping something.
the act of damaging something, causing breakage	the act of damaging something or someone.
put in first particular place or abstract location	put into first certain place or abstract location.
the act of perceiving first scent	the act of perceiving the odor of something.
the act of providing assistance, giving aid	the act of administering medication.
lessen in force, impact, or effect	lessen in force or effect.
cover with wooden boards; secure	get on board of (trains, buses, ships, aircraft, etc.).
the act of explaining or defending something	the act of removing or getting rid of something.
first lid or top of first container	covering for first hole (especially first hole in the top of first container).
(cause to) separate or move in different directions	to cause to separate and go in different directions.
cause to vibrate in first different pattern	cause to vibrate in first definite pattern.
The act of dividing or disconnecting.	the act of adding one thing to another.
decide upon or fix definitely/specify	decide upon or fix definitely.
provide first seat or base for	provide first feast or banquet for.
the act of explaining or defending something	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
an observer of first process or activity	first meeting devoted to first particular activity.
make keen; give (new) life or energy to	give new life or energy to.
